Issue 985 - Add support for clientApplications in conditional access policies (#1047)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azuread: docs/resources/conditional_access_policy.md

Manages a Conditional Access Policy within Azure Active Directory.

> ~> **Warning** Specifying `client_applications` property requires the activation of Microsoft Entra on your tenant and the availability of sufficient Workload Identities Premium licences (one per service principal managed by a conditional access).

Reviewer: Can we make this an info box?

```suggestion
-> **Licensing Requirements** Specifying `client_applications` property requires the activation of Microsoft Entra on your tenant and the availability of sufficient Workload Identities Premium licences (one per service principal managed by a conditional access).
```

* `sign_in_risk_levels` - (Optional) A list of sign-in risk levels included in the policy. Possible values are: `low`, `medium`, `high`, `hidden`, `none`, `unknownFutureValue`.
* `user_risk_levels` - (Optional) A list of user risk levels included in the policy. Possible values are: `low`, `medium`, `high`, `hidden`, `none`, `unknownFutureValue`.
* `users` - (Required) A `users` block as documented below, which specifies users, groups, and roles included in and excluded from the policy.

> * `client_applications` - (Required) An `client_applications` block as documented below, which specifies service principals included in and excluded from the policy.

Reviewer: Attributes will need to be ordered alphabetically in the help doc.

---

`client_applications` block supports the following:

* `included_service_principals` - (Optional) A list of service principal IDs explicitly included in the policy. Can also be set to `All` or `None`.

> * `excluded_service_principals` - (Optional) A list of service principal IDs explicitly excluded in the policy.

Reviewer: Can we also order the blocks alphabetically
